[docs] Explain how to manage focus with `renderCell` (#4254)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/columns/columns.md

];
```

{{"demo": "RenderCellGrid.js", "bg": "inline", "defaultCodeOpen": false }}

> ⚠️ Using `renderCell`, requires paying attention to the following points.
>

> > - If the value returned `valueGetter` does not correspond to the column `type`, you should:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If the type of the value returned by `valueGetter` does not correspond to the column's `type`, you should:
```

>
>   - handle [sorting](/components/data-grid/sorting/#custom-comparator) by providing `sortComparator` to the column.
>   - set a `valueFormatter` providing a representation for the value to be used when [exporting](/components/data-grid/export/#exported-cells) the data.
>

> > - According to [WAI-ARIA](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/#grid), only one of the focusable elements contained by the grid should be included in the page tab sequence.

Reviewer: Move to the accessibility page? I think we'll have other sections there about #4219

Author: Done
